fix: #3104 by adding new templates (#3109)
rjsf-team/react-jsonschema-form: docs/advanced-customization/custom-widgets-fields.md

If you're curious how this could ever be useful, have a look at the [Kinto formbuilder](https://github.com/Kinto/formbuilder) repository to see how it's used to provide editing capabilities to any form field.

Props passed to a custom SchemaField are the same as [the ones passed to a custom field](#field-props).

### Custom ArraySchemaField

Everything that was mentioned above for a `Custom SchemaField` applies, but this is only used to render the Array item `children` that are then passed to the `ArrayFieldItemTemplate`.

> By default, `ArraySchemaField` assigned to the main `SchemaField` implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, `ArraySchemaField` uses the main `SchemaField` implementation.
```
